pts/ai-benchmark            AI Benchmark Alpha                                System    
pts/aircrack-ng             Aircrack-ng                                       Processor 
pts/amg                     Algebraic Multi-Grid Benchmark                    Processor 
pts/aobench                 AOBench                                           Processor 
pts/apache-siege            Apache Siege                                      System    
pts/arrayfire               ArrayFire                                         Processor 
pts/askap                   ASKAP                                             System    
pts/asmfish                 asmFish                                           Processor 
pts/astcenc                 ASTC Encoder                                      System    
pts/axs2mlperf              axs2mlperf                                        System    
pts/basemark                Basemark GPU                                      System    
pts/basis                   Basis Universal                                   System    
pts/blake2                  BLAKE2                                            Processor 
pts/blosc                   C-Blosc                                           Processor 
pts/bork                    Bork File Encrypter                               Processor 
pts/botan                   Botan                                             Processor 
pts/brl-cad                 BRL-CAD                                           System    
pts/build-clash             Timed Clash Compilation                           Processor 
pts/build-eigen             Timed Eigen Compilation                           Processor 
pts/build-erlang            Timed Erlang/OTP Compilation                      Processor 
pts/build-gdb               Timed GDB GNU Debugger Compilation                Processor 
pts/build-gem5              Timed Gem5 Compilation                            Processor 
pts/build-imagemagick       Timed ImageMagick Compilation                     Processor 
pts/build-mesa              Timed Mesa Compilation                            Processor 
pts/build-python            Timed CPython Compilation                         Processor 
pts/build-wasmer            Timed Wasmer Compilation                          Processor 
pts/build2                  Build2                                            Processor 
pts/bullet                  Bullet Physics Engine                             Processor 
pts/byte                    BYTE Unix Benchmark                               Processor 
pts/cachebench              CacheBench                                        Processor 
pts/caffe                   Caffe                                             System    
pts/chia-vdf                Chia Blockchain VDF                               Processor 
pts/clickhouse              ClickHouse                                        System    
pts/clomp                   CLOMP                                             Processor 
pts/cloudsuite-da           CloudSuite Data Analytics                         System    
pts/cloudsuite-ga           CloudSuite Graph Analytics                        System    
pts/cloudsuite-ma           CloudSuite In-Memory Analytics                    System    
pts/cloudsuite-ms           CloudSuite Media Streaming                        System    
pts/cloudsuite-ws           CloudSuite Web Serving                            System    
pts/cockroach               CockroachDB                                       System    
pts/comd-cl                 CoMD OpenCL                                       System    
pts/compilebench            Compile Bench                                     Disk      
pts/compress-pbzip2         Parallel BZIP2 Compression                        Processor 
pts/core-latency            Core-Latency                                      Processor 
pts/couchdb                 Apache CouchDB                                    System    
pts/cp2k                    CP2K Molecular Dynamics                           Processor 
pts/cpp-perf-bench          CppPerformanceBenchmarks                          System    
pts/cpuminer-opt            Cpuminer-Opt                                      Processor 
pts/cryptopp                Crypto++                                          Processor 
pts/ctx-clock               ctx_clock                                         System    
pts/cyclictest              Cyclictest                                        System    
pts/cython-bench            Cython Benchmark                                  Processor 
pts/daphne                  Darmstadt Automotive Parallel Heterogeneous Suite System    
pts/dbench                  Dbench                                            Disk      
pts/deeprec                 DeepRec                                           System    
pts/deepspeech              DeepSpeech                                        Processor 
pts/draco                   Google Draco                                      System    
pts/dragonflydb             Dragonflydb                                       System    
pts/duckdb                  DuckDB                                            System    
pts/ebizzy                  ebizzy                                            Processor 
pts/ecp-candle              ECP-CANDLE                                        System    
pts/encodec                 EnCodec                                           System    
pts/espeak                  eSpeak-NG Speech Engine                           Processor 
pts/etcd                    etcd                                              System    
pts/etcpak                  Etcpak                                            Processor 
pts/ethr                    Ethr                                              Network   
pts/etqw-demo-iqc           ET: Quake Wars Image Quality                      System    
pts/faiss                   Faiss                                             System    
pts/fast-cli                fast-cli                                          Network   
pts/ffte                    FFTE                                              Processor 
pts/fhourstones             Fhourstones                                       Processor 
pts/financebench            FinanceBench                                      System    
pts/fio                     Flexible IO Tester                                Disk      
pts/fs-mark                 FS-Mark                                           Disk      
pts/gcrypt                  Gcrypt Library                                    Processor 
pts/git                     Git                                               System    
pts/go-benchmark            Go Benchmarks                                     Processor 
pts/gpaw                    GPAW                                              System    
pts/graph500                Graph500                                          System    
pts/hadoop                  Apache Hadoop                                     System    
pts/hammerdb-mariadb        HammerDB - MariaDB                                System    
pts/hammerdb-postgresql     HammerDB - PostgreSQL                             System    
pts/hbase                   Apache HBase                                      System    
pts/hdparm-read             hdparm Timed Disk Reads                           Disk      
pts/heffte                  HeFFTe - Highly Efficient FFT for Exascale        Processor 
pts/helsing                 Helsing                                           Processor 
pts/hint                    Hierarchical INTegration                          System    
pts/hpcc                    HPC Challenge                                     Processor 
pts/hpcg                    High Performance Conjugate Gradient               Processor 
pts/idle                    Timed Idle                                        System    
pts/idle-power-usage        Idle Power Usage                                  System    
pts/incompact3d             Xcompact3d Incompact3d                            Processor 
pts/influxdb                InfluxDB                                          System    
pts/intel-mlc               Intel Memory Latency Checker                      Memory    
pts/intel-mpi               Intel MPI Benchmarks                              System    
pts/intel-tensorflow        Intel TensorFlow                                  System    
pts/ior                     IOR                                               Disk      
pts/ipc-benchmark           IPC_benchmark                                     Processor 
pts/iperf                   iPerf                                             Network   
pts/java-gradle-perf        Java Gradle Build                                 Processor 
pts/java-jmh                Java JMH                                          System    
pts/jpegxl-decode           JPEG XL Decoding libjxl                           Processor 
pts/juliagpu                JuliaGPU                                          System    
pts/keydb                   KeyDB                                             System    
pts/kripke                  Kripke                                            System    
pts/laghos                  Laghos                                            Processor 
pts/leveldb                 LevelDB                                           Disk      
pts/libgav1                 libgav1                                           Processor 
pts/libraw                  LibRaw                                            Processor 
pts/luajit                  LuaJIT                                            Processor 
pts/luaradio                LuaRadio                                          Processor 
pts/lulesh-cl               Lulesh OpenCL                                     System    
pts/luxcorerender           LuxCoreRender                                     Processor 
pts/luxmark                 LuxMark                                           System    
pts/mafft                   Timed MAFFT Alignment                             Processor 
pts/mandelbulbgpu           MandelbulbGPU                                     System    
pts/mandelgpu               MandelGPU                                         System    
pts/mbw                     MBW                                               Memory    
pts/memcached               Memcached                                         System    
pts/memtier-benchmark       Redis 7.0.12 + memtier_benchmark                  System    
pts/mencoder                Mencoder                                          Processor 
pts/minife                  miniFE                                            Processor 
pts/minion                  Minion                                            Processor 
pts/mkl-dnn                 oneDNN MKL-DNN                                    Processor 
pts/mlpack                  Mlpack Benchmark                                  System    
pts/mocassin                Monte Carlo Simulations of Ionised Nebulae        Processor 
pts/montage                 Montage Astronomical Image Mosaic Engine          Processor 
pts/mt-dgemm                ACES DGEMM                                        Processor 
pts/multichase              Multichase Pointer Chaser                         Processor 
pts/mutex                   BenchmarkMutex                                    System    
pts/mysqlslap               MariaDB                                           System    
pts/natron                  Natron                                            System    
pts/neat                    Nebular Empirical Analysis Tool                   Processor 
pts/neatbench               NeatBench                                         System    
pts/nekrs                   nekRS                                             Processor 
pts/nero2d                  Open FMM Nero2D                                   Processor 
pts/netperf                 Netperf                                           Network   
pts/nettle                  Nettle                                            Processor 
pts/network-loopback        Loopback TCP Network Performance                  Network   
pts/node-express-loadtest   Node.js Express HTTP Load Test                    Processor 
pts/node-octane             Node.js Octane Benchmark                          Processor 
pts/novabench               Novabench                                         System    
pts/numenta-nab             Numenta Anomaly Benchmark                         System    
pts/nuttcp                  Nuttcp                                            Network   
pts/oidn                    Intel Open Image Denoise                          Processor 
pts/oneapi-level-zero       oneAPI Level Zero Tests                           System    
pts/onnx                    ONNX Runtime                                      System    
pts/open-porous-media       Open Porous Media                                 Processor 
pts/opencv-bench            OpenCV Benchmark                                  Processor 
pts/opendwarfs              OpenDwarfs                                        System    
pts/openems                 OpenEMS                                           System    
pts/optcarrot               Optcarrot                                         System    
pts/osbench                 OSBench                                           OS        
pts/palabos                 Palabos                                           Processor 
pts/parboil                 Parboil                                           Processor 
pts/pennant                 Pennant                                           Processor 
pts/perf-bench              perf-bench                                        OS        
pts/petsc                   PETSc                                             System    
pts/php                     PHP Micro Benchmarks                              System    
pts/pjdfstest               Pjdfstest                                         Disk      
pts/pjsip                   PJSIP                                             Processor 
pts/plaidml                 PlaidML                                           System    
pts/pmbench                 pmbench                                           Memory    
pts/polybench-c             PolyBench-C                                       Processor 
pts/polyhedron              Polyhedron Fortran Benchmarks                     Processor 
pts/postmark                PostMark                                          Disk      
pts/powertop-wakeups        Powertop Wakeups                                  Processor 
pts/primesieve              Primesieve                                        Processor 
pts/pts-self-test           Phoronix Test Suite Self Test                     System    
pts/pyhpc                   PyHPC Benchmarks                                  System    
pts/pymongo-inserts         PyMongo Inserts                                   System    
pts/qmcpack                 QMCPACK                                           Processor 
pts/qmlbench                Qmlbench                                          System    
pts/quadray                 QuadRay                                           Processor 
pts/rabbitmq                RabbitMQ                                          System    
pts/radiance                Radiance Benchmark                                Processor 
pts/ramspeed                RAMspeed SMP                                      Memory    
pts/rays1bench              rays1bench                                        Processor 
pts/relion                  RELION                                            Processor 
pts/remhos                  Remhos                                            Processor 
pts/renaissance             Renaissance                                       Processor 
pts/rnnoise                 RNNoise                                           Processor 
pts/rodinia                 Rodinia                                           Processor 
pts/rust-mandel             Rust Mandelbrot                                   Processor 
pts/rust-prime              Rust Prime Benchmark                              Processor 
pts/schbench                Schbench                                          System    
pts/scikit-learn            Scikit-Learn                                      System    
pts/scylladb                ScyllaDB                                          System    
pts/serial-loopback         Serial Loopback Test                              System    
pts/smallpt                 Smallpt                                           Processor 
pts/smallpt-gpu             SmallPT GPU                                       System    
pts/smart                   SMART Disk Self-Report                            Disk      
pts/sockperf                Sockperf                                          OS        
pts/spacy                   spaCy                                             System    
pts/spark                   Apache Spark                                      System    
pts/spec-cpu2017            SPEC CPU 2017                                     System    
pts/spec-jbb2015            SPECjbb 2015                                      System    
pts/speedtest-cli           speedtest-cli                                     Network   
pts/sqlite-speedtest        SQLite Speedtest                                  System    
pts/srslte                  srsLTE                                            Processor 
pts/srsran                  srsRAN Project                                    Processor 
pts/startup-time            Application Start-up Time                         Disk      
pts/stream-dynamic          Stream-Dynamic                                    Memory    
pts/stressapptest           Stressful Application Test                        Memory    
pts/sudokut                 Sudokut                                           Processor 
pts/sunflow                 Sunflow Rendering System                          System    
pts/svt-hevc                SVT-HEVC                                          Processor 
pts/swet                    Swet                                              Processor 
pts/synthmark               Google SynthMark                                  Processor 
pts/sysbench                Sysbench                                          System    
pts/system-decompress-bzip2 System BZIP2 Decompression                        Processor 
pts/system-decompress-gzip  System GZIP Decompression                         Processor 
pts/system-decompress-tiff  System Libtiff Decompression                      Processor 
pts/system-decompress-xz    System XZ Decompression                           Processor 
pts/system-libjpeg          System JPEG Library Decode                        Processor 
pts/system-libxml2          System Libxml2 Parsing                            Processor 
pts/systemd-boot-kernel     Systemd Kernel Boot Time                          Processor 
pts/systemd-boot-total      Systemd Total Boot Time                           System    
pts/systemd-boot-userspace  Systemd Userspace Boot Time                       Processor 
pts/t-test1                 t-test1                                           Memory    
pts/tachyon                 Tachyon                                           Processor 
pts/tensorflow-lite         TensorFlow Lite                                   System    
pts/tidb                    TiDB Community Server                             System    
pts/tinymembench            Tinymembench                                      Memory    
pts/tiobench                Threaded I/O Tester                               Disk      
pts/tjbench                 libjpeg-turbo tjbench                             System    
pts/toktx                   KTX-Software toktx                                System    
pts/toybrot                 toyBrot Fractal Generator                         Processor 
pts/ttsiod-renderer         TTSIOD 3D Renderer                                Processor 
pts/tungsten                Tungsten Renderer                                 Processor 
pts/unpack-firefox          Unpacking Firefox                                 System    
pts/unpack-linux            Unpacking The Linux Kernel                        Disk      
pts/viennacl                ViennaCL                                          System    
pts/vosk                    VOSK Speech Recognition Toolkit                   Processor 
pts/vpxenc                  VP9 libvpx Encoding                               Processor 
pts/webp2                   WebP2 Image Encode                                Processor 
pts/will-it-scale           will-it-scale                                     OS        
pts/wrf                     WRF                                               System    
pts/x264                    x264                                              Processor 
pts/xsbench                 Xsbench                                           System    
pts/xsbench-cl              Xsbench OpenCL                                    System    
pts/yafaray                 YafaRay                                           Processor 
pts/yugabytedb              YugabyteDB                                        System    
pts/zendnn-tensorflow       AMD ZenDNN TensorFlow                             System    
system/cephfs-rados         CephFS RADOS Benchmark                            System    
system/clpeak               clpeak                                            System    
system/compress-lzma        LZMA Compression                                            
system/compress-pbzip2      PBZIP2 Compression                                          
system/cryptsetup           Cryptsetup                                        System    
system/dbench               Dbench                                            Disk      
system/ethminer             Ethereum Ethminer                                 System    
system/fio                  Flexible IO Tester                                Disk      
system/gegl                 GEGL                                              System    
system/gmic                 G'MIC                                             System    
system/gnuradio             GNU Radio                                         Processor 
system/hugin                Hugin                                             System    
system/inkscape             Inkscape                                          System    
system/iozone               IOzone                                            Disk      
system/mpv                  MPV                                               System    
system/ocrmypdf             OCRMyPDF                                          System    
system/opm                  Open Porous Media                                 Processor 
system/rsvg                 librsvg                                           System    
system/selenium-top-sites   Time To Load + View Popular Websites              System    
system/tesseract-ocr        Tesseract OCR                                     System    
git/vpxenc                  VP9 libvpx Encoding                               Processor 
